[DOCS-10730] Add Obs Pipelines 2.7 components (#30454)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/set_up_pipelines/_index.md

1. Select and set up your [source][1].
1. Select and set up your [destinations][2].
1. Set up your [processors][3].
    - If you want to copy a processor, click the copy icon for that processor and then use `command-v` to paste it.
1. If you want to add another group of processors for a destination:
    1. Click the plus sign (**+**) at the bottom of the existing processor group.
    1. Click the name of the processor group to update it.
    1. Optionally, enter a group filter. See [Filter Syntax](#filter-query-syntax) for more information.
    1. Click **Add** to add processors to the group.
    1. If you want to copy all the processors in a group and paste them into the same processor group or a different group:
       1. Click the three dots on the processor group.
       1. Select **Copy all processors**.
       1. Select the processor group you want to paste the processors into and then use `command-v` to paste them.
    1. You can toggle the switch to enable and disable the processor group and also each individual processor.
  <br>**Notes**:

>   <br>- Adding additional processor groups for a destination is available for Worker versions 2.7 and later.

Author: ```suggestion
  <br>- Configuring a pipeline with processor groups is available for Worker versions 2.7 and later.
```
